Deprecate `ThinClient` and remove `ThinClient` from `bench-tps` (#35365)
solana-labs/solana: thin-client/README.md

# thin-client

> This crate for `thin-client` is deprecated as of v2.0.0. It will receive no bugfixes or updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This crate for `thin-client` is deprecated as of v1.19.0. It will receive no bugfixes or updates.
```
For now...
